From the New York Times, I'm Natalie
Kitroof. This is the daily.
[music]
Seemingly overnight, America has seen an
explosion of new betting platforms
[music]
that have radically expanded the
universe of gambling. They're called
[music] prediction markets. They let you
bet on all kinds of things like, will
the US attack Iran? What specific
[music] words will the president say?
And who will be at Taylor Swift's
wedding?
Today, my [music] colleague David Yaffy
Bellan explains how these platforms
became so widespread so fast and how
betting on everything [music] could
change the way we live.
[music]
It's Wednesday, [music] February 4th.
>> David, it's wonderful to have you here
in studio.
>> Thanks so much for having me.
>> So, we are coming to you because you
cover crypto, which can often lead you
to the nichest corners of the internet.
I kind of think of you as having a
fringe capitalism beat. Is that fair?
>> That sounds about right.
>> Okay. and you've been looking into these
prediction markets, which I have a
million questions about. But before we
get into those questions, I want you to
first just lay out for people who don't
know these things, what are they? What
are these markets? At a really high
level, a prediction market is a platform
where you can bet on pretty much
everything. Most people are familiar
with sports betting, even the sort of
advanced sports betting that we get
these days where you're betting on like
whether a player will make a free throw.
Prediction markets expand that idea into
all corners of politics and culture. You
can bet on whether Trump will win the
election. You can bet on the date of
Taylor Swift's wedding. You can even bet
on whether the Supreme Leader of Iran
will make it to the end of the month.
So, what it's done is sort of expanded
that kind of gambling mentality to all
sorts of parts of our daily existence.
>> The idea is betting on everything
everywhere all at once.
>> Exactly. And now you've got people,
especially young people, logging onto
their phones the same way they might use
Tik Tok or Instagram and placing bets on
on elections, on pop culture, really on
everything. These platforms have the
potential to really change the way that
people interact with the world, the way
they think about the world. You know,
everything now has a price.
>> Everything can be communicated in terms
of the odds that it will happen or it
won't happen. And I think we're already
seeing signs that that's sort of
altering reality for people,
>> right? And it does feel that this stuff
has kind of come out of nowhere. Am I
right to think that these markets went
from being quite marginal to suddenly
being at the forefront of a lot of
cultural and political events?
>> To some extent, that's right. Go back
even 2 or 3 years ago and no one was
really talking about prediction markets.
But if you zoom out a little further,
what's happening now is really the
culmination of a trend that started back
in 2018.
>> H
>> a US Supreme Court ruling today has
opened the door to a dramatic expansion
of legal sports betting.
>> That's when the Supreme Court overturned
a US law that had effectively banned
most sports betting in the US. Once that
law was ruled unconstitutional, we saw a
sort of avalanche of gambling. The
gaming industry is calling this a
groundbreaking decision that will
revolutionize the gambling business.
[music]
>> Right. This was a huge moment.
>> Yeah, it was enormous.
>> Also, DraftKings announcing that it will
enter the legal betting atmosphere
throughout states that choose to
legalize it. So, we're still
>> sports gambling companies across the
country [music] went state by state
getting permission to offer their
services and suddenly people could
gamble from their phones. And this was a
huge transformation in the US. I mean in
other countries there's sort of always
been this type of gambling but it wasn't
really possible in the US. It was
something you had to do in a clandestine
[music] way and suddenly it was all
happening out in the open and the
marketing was enormous. You couldn't
avoid it. [music]
>> Okay. So that SCOTS decision mostly
affected sports betting it sounds like.
What did it mean then for prediction
markets? On some level, it's not
directly related because legally this
decision didn't have anything to do with
prediction markets, but it created this
cultural moment where suddenly gambling
betting was totally accepted in the US.
It had sort of injected itself into the
American consciousness in a way that had
never happened before. And it was in
that context that a young entrepreneur
named Shane Copelan started a company
called Poly Market which has become one
of the leaders in this area.
>> Okay. So tell me the story of Copelan
founding this company. What's his idea
for it in the beginning?
>> Copelan's this young entrepreneur. He
spends one semester at NYU before
dropping out. And wow,
>> he has this super techy background. He
was really interested in
cryptocurrencies. He had kind of a nerdy
fascination with markets from a pretty
young age and the idea he had for poly
market was actually quite high-minded.
It came in 2020 just a few months into
the co pandemic. What really was the the
tipping point was during corona virus
there was so many different opinions and
so many forecasts that said entirely
different things. It was like
>> it was a time when a lot of information
was swirling around. There was
fluctuating case numbers, emerging
variance of the virus, [music] and a lot
of people felt like it was hard to make
sense of the confusing swirl of
statistics. [music]
>> And effectively, when you've got lots of
conflicting viewpoints and information
and opinions, a market is a way to
distill that information into one
accurate [music]
fact or indicator or signal.
>> So, in Copelan's mind, prediction
markets could help clarify this
confusion. It's not just a way for
people to gamble on everything. To him,
Poly Market is about creating a new
source of information in the world.
>> We are missionaries for [music]
the concepts of market-based journalism
and helping people make better decisions
by leveraging markets.
>> And it's all based on an idea that has
long been studied in academia, discussed
in financial circles that crowdsourcing
information could produce more accurate
projections about the future than what
any individual expert might come up
with. So the idea here is that the
source of truth and knowledge that
prediction markets are offering could
actually become a compliment or even a
replacement for things like traditional
media.
>> You [music] have this public good that's
like a mecca of real time unbiased
information where you go on poly market
and you can just [music] see oh this is
what you know the odds of this happening
are in the future. And interesting. It
sounds like he's thinking that these
could be more accurate sources of
information than traditional [music]
media in part because it's crowd
sourcing.
>> It's crowdsourcing and it's also a
financial market. So people have skin in
the [music] game.
>> People can debate each other and be
like, "Oh, you're wrong. This, this,
that." But the way that those that
really dissipates is when you let people
put their money where their mouth is.
And the idea is that when people have
money on the line, they tell the truth
or they're incentivized to research
their opinions as thoroughly as
possible. And if you can pull all of
that together, [music]
then you've got a kind of amazing new
source of information. So Copelan is not
just thinking of turning the whole world
into some kind of virtual casino here.
He's imagining this as a tool for
revealing things about the [music]
world, for gathering and disseminating
information.
>> Absolutely.
>> Okay. At this point, I feel like we need
to understand exactly how this market
works, how the betting works. Can you
walk me through that?
>> Yeah, this is a good question and a lot
of people don't fully understand it.
Prediction markets are essentially a
series of yes or no questions. So if you
log on to the poly market website, you
will see questions like, will the
Iranian regime fall before 2027?
And if you want to bet on that, you buy
what's known as an event contract.
>> An event contract.
>> Yeah. And that's the yes option or the
no option on any of these questions.
>> Okay. And the cost of those contracts of
a yes or of a no always fluctuates
between $0 and $1. And that price is
essentially a reflection of what the
market of betterers out there think is
going to happen.
>> So if the yes option on the Iranian
regime falling is going for 20 cents,
then that means there's about a 20%
likelihood of the regime falling. It's
relatively cheap to buy that contract
because the universe of betters thinks
it's relatively unlikely that this will
happen.
>> Exactly. And then the payout arrives
when the event either definitively
happens or doesn't happen. So if the
regime does fall and you bought that yes
contract at 20 and you correctly
predicted what would happen, then the
contract rises in value to $1 and you
get your payout. And because this
resembles a kind of financial market, it
falls under a different type of
regulation than traditional sports
books. Sports books are regulated by the
states, their state laws governing
gambling. And the prediction markets
instead are regulated at the federal
level by a financial agency called the
Commodity Futures Trading Commission,
the CFTC. And the idea here is that the
CFTC should be protecting against abuses
in the realm of prediction markets.
Insider trading is an easy example of
that or market manipulation, things that
could threaten the integrity of a
financial market.
>> But Copeland didn't go down that path.
Initially, he didn't register poly
market with the CFTC.
>> And that's sort of in line with the kind
of move fast and break things ethos of
the tech industry,
>> right? the ask for forgiveness not
permission style of operating.
>> Exactly. And Copelan was taking a
similar approach. But ultimately that
got him into a lot of trouble.
>> In 2022, the CFTC fined Poly Market $1.4
million. And as part of that legal
settlement, Copelan had to agree that
Poly Market wouldn't operate in the
United States. It's only open to foreign
users. And why does Copeland agree to
that? I mean, that sounds like a
potential death nail for a company like
this.
>> Well, the legal landscape in the US was
complicated. And so, on some level, it
might have seemed actually less risky to
sort of try its luck outside of the US.
>> But the other element to this is that
there was a workaround. If someone
really wanted to use Poly Market from
inside the United States, they could
download a a VPN, a virtual private
network and essentially trick the
website into thinking that they were
logging on from another country,
>> right?
>> And this was extremely easy to do. I've
spoken to many people who did it. I've
spoken to at least one former Poly
Market employee who told me that it was
sort of an open secret in the office
that people were doing this. And it
meant that this US ban was largely
theoretical.
>> And at this point, do we know who's
actually using this thing? [snorts]
>> At this point, it's still primarily a
base of techsavvy people who are really
interested in these things in kind of a
nerdy way.
>> Got it.
>> To use Poly Market, you had to use
cryptocurrencies. So, you're already
limiting yourself to a pool of people
who are comfortable transacting in
crypto.
>> In your world.
>> In my world. Yeah. And if you wanted to
use it in the US, you had to know how to
use a VPN. So it's not as if this was,
you know, freely available to anyone who
might potentially be interested.
>> And are people using it in the way that
Copelan imagined they would to kind of
create new sources of information to
illuminate things that maybe weren't
clear before there was the potential to
bet on them?
>> They are starting to do that. It's
gaining popularity. It's growing. It's
getting more attention in the media. And
it really comes to a head in 2024 as the
presidential election is heating up. And
it starts that summer after Joe Biden's
disastrous debate performance when
there's all kinds of speculation about
whether Biden will drop out of the race.
And suddenly users of Poly Market start
betting on that. H at the time many
Democratic talking heads, pundits, the
Biden administration, and of course
Biden himself were saying he's not going
to drop out, but the betting market
projected that he would drop out. So
when Biden eventually did, it felt like
a moment of vindication for poly market
and sort of a preview of what it might
offer to the world, right? Because I can
imagine Copeland sees this as proof of
concept. here you can come and get what
I presume Copeland views as an objective
sense of the odds
>> right and of course it's not like this
was some question nobody was considering
or that there wasn't punditry about it
or people predicting that it would
happen but
>> poly market was a place where all of
that was sort of consolidated into one
number and you could kind of get a sense
of the way the wind was blowing
>> and that moment that question of whether
Biden will drop out then sets poly
market up for the next big question of
the 2024 race, which of course is who's
going to win the election? Will it be
Harris or will it be Trump? And it feels
like a really long time ago now, but a
tied race, dead [music] heat among
likely voters. 47% Harris, 47% Trump. It
obviously doesn't get closer [music] to
that. And I want to show
>> back then it was a close race. The polls
showed that the two candidates were
essentially neck andneck. But the
projections on poly market started to
shift heavily in Trump's favor and
[music] obviously Trump did win.
>> Big night for prediction markets and
calling President Trump elect as the
winner at the polls.
>> And it was another moment [music] of
vindication for Copeland's site.
>> Another example for him at least of it
being a more reliable predictor than
traditional media sources, [music]
traditional polls.
>> Exactly. As the saying of free markets
goes, a diverse group of market
participants like you see on poly market
is more accurate than any [music] given
expert.
And what was especially fascinating
about this example is that we got kind
of a peak under the hood at how these
projections came about. Now remember
that these projections are the result of
a financial market and a few large
trades can shift a financial market
significantly. And in this case, a
wealthy trader in France came forward
and said that he had made $30 million in
bets that Trump would win the election.
And that this was based on his own
careful research. He'd actually
commissioned his own poll.
>> Wow.
>> Because he thought the traditional US
polling was misleading. And that just
out of that conviction, he put all of
this money on Trump, which effectively
shifted the polyarket odds in Trump's
favor. And it was a profitable play. Uh
this guy made more than $85 million in
profits when Trump won the election.
>> People started calling him the French
whale.
>> Okay. So obviously a huge payout for
this one guy. What do you make of this
moment for the markets themselves?
>> It had a huge impact. Suddenly these
markets that had sort of operated on the
margins of the financial system getting
some notice but not a ton. Suddenly
everyone stands up and says, "Wow, huge
amounts of money are changing hands on
these things. We really have to take
them seriously."
>> And of course, Copelan is taking a
victory lap.
But soon we learned that this entire
time as the company has been blowing up,
becoming a big mainstream phenomenon.
They've been under a federal criminal
investigation. Wo. In fact, shortly
after the election, the FBI [music]
raids Copeland's home in New York City.
they take his phone and it's all part of
an investigation into whether Poly
Market is illegally allowing US users to
access the platform.
>> So at the same time, you've got this
moment of public vindication. You also
have this really fraught legal moment
where it's not clear whether the
platform can survive in the United
States. But there's a light at the end
of the tunnel for Copelan, which is that
soon Trump is going to take office.
[music] And as soon as he's in power,
everything changes.
[music]
We'll be right back.
Okay. So, tell me what exactly changes
for these markets when Trump comes to
office.
>> Since Trump's taken over, there's been a
complete change in attitude toward these
platforms. Copelan, whose house had only
just been raided by the FBI, was invited
to a summit for tech executives at the
White House. Donald Trump Jr. became a
formal adviser to Poly Market. And most
importantly, the Justice Department
under Trump officially dropped this
investigation into Copelan. And this is
all happening in the context of a legal
battle involving one of Poly Market's
competitors, a company called Kelshi
that also offers its own prediction
market, which around the time of the
election had won a big legal dispute
with the CFTC.
>> So suddenly all these legal troubles
that had been hovering over the company
and the markets in general, they kind of
seem to disappear.
>> Yeah. They vanish. So you've got this
culmination of a bunch of things. a kind
of pro business attitude brought by the
Trump administration, this legal victory
secured by Kelshi. And so, while it
didn't happen overnight, what that meant
is that US-based users were now allowed
to use these platforms without a VPN.
They become easily available to almost
anyone.
[music]
I just found out about [music] Poly
Market. I started with um $10 and I'm up
like $100 something dollars.
>> And that feeds into this larger cultural
shift.
>> I'm a full-time Poly Market trader and a
lot of people don't understand how you
can make a full-time living on Poly
Market. But let me explain. [music]
>> People are using these platforms more
and more. They're more available in the
United States. [music] The NHL just
became the first major US pro league to
strike licensing deals with prediction
market platforms Khi and Poly Market.
>> Poly Market is going to become the
official prediction market partner for
the [music] UFC.
>> Kelsey just announced a new partnership
this week with Coinbase.
>> With every passing week comes some new
major partnership that brings them more
and more into [music] the mainstream.
>> Dow Jones is teaming up with Poly
Market. This is an exclusive partnership
and it'll make Poly Markets realtime
prediction data available across Dow
Jones platforms including the Wall
Street Journal.
>> Big media organizations like CNN, CNBC,
the Wall Street Journal have formal
partnerships with Kelshi and Poly Market
to use data from the sites in their news
[music] reports.
>> Wow.
>> Good evening and welcome to the 83rd
Golden Globes. The Golden Globes
featured Poly Market odds on the live
broadcast. [music]
>> Here are the nominees for best podcast.
Roll the tape.
>> Right before the [music] best podcast
award was announced, Poly Market odds
were projected on the screen.
>> And so, it's been this [music] huge kind
of cultural awakening toward these
things.
It is kind of wild, David, to just
consider the trajectory that you've laid
out for us here. a year ago about these
markets were operating as a kind of
niche illegal backwater on the internet
where you had to pay in crypto and have
a VPN to use them and now they're like
fully in the mainstream. Yeah, the scale
is enormous. There was about $12 billion
in trading volume on Poly Market and
Kelshi in December. That's a 400%
increase from the year before.
>> Wow. And look, granted, that's still a
smaller user base than bets on
traditional sports books, but the level
of growth is pretty impressive. So, one
recent example that got a lot of
attention is a betting market on poly
market about whether the president of
Venezuela, Nicholas Maduro, would be
removed from power.
>> Right. I saw that. And some of the
betting on that Maduro question actually
raised new concerns about how these
platforms operate. Shortly before the US
operation in Venezuela to remove Maduro,
an anonymous better on Poly Market
placed a large bet that Maduro would be
removed from power. And then of course
he was and that trader made a big
profit. But the timing of that bet was
so good that it convinced a lot of
people that this trader must have had
some sort of advanced knowledge about
the operation. That this must have been
some kind of insider trading based on a
government leak or somebody in
government improperly using the site.
Right? I remember when that happened
because I was following the Maduro news
very closely. people saw that bet and
just did assume that this person who
made it was potentially close to the
White House and knew in advance it was
going to happen. Yeah. To be clear,
there was no evidence of that. It was
never proven. But I think what we're
seeing here is something that we've
already seen in the realm of sports,
which is when betting becomes super
mainstream, there's an aura of suspicion
that develops around everything. People
become convinced that things are rigged,
that somebody's cheating to try to make
money. And now we're seeing that aura
extend to all sorts of other things in
the real world outside of sports.
>> And that's even bled into how the news
makers themselves are operating. There
was an incident last fall where Brian
Armstrong, the chief executive of
Coinbase, which is the largest crypto
company in the US, was doing an earnings
call. And at the same time, there was a
betting market on both Kel and Poly
Market, on what words he would utter
during that earnings call. Could I just
pause and say how amazing it is that
there were bets being made on what words
he would use in an earnings call?
>> Maybe someday there'll be bets on what
you'll say on the daily. I mean, who
knows? It's all sort of fair game at
this point.
>> Anyway, at the end of this earnings
call,
>> yeah, I hope we answer your question on
that. Um, I was a little distracted
because I was tracking the prediction
market about what Coinbase will say on
their next earnings call. And I just
want to
>> Armstrong says, "Oh, I've actually been
looking at the prediction markets." And
>> I just want to add here the words
Bitcoin, Ethereum, blockchain, staking,
and web 3 to make sure we get those in
before the end of the call.
>> Then he just reels off a list of the
words that people were betting on. Wow.
>> You know, influencing the market
directly. Now, Armstrong has said that
he personally wasn't betting on this
market. He didn't have a stake in what
he was going to say, but it's an
illustration of how easily these markets
could be manipulated.
>> Right? This CEO says this didn't benefit
him, but it's pretty easy to imagine a
situation in which someone does actually
have a stake in an outcome that they can
influence and colludes with people to
make a lot of money manipulating it.
>> Yeah, it could happen.
>> And we've obviously seen that in sports
betting. players colluding with betters
to change the outcome of games or of
things that happen within the games. In
sports betting cases, those lead often
to criminal charges, but in this case,
is this kind of cheating actually
punished? So, the CFDC does have a rule
against insider trading, but this is
such a new area that it hasn't really
been tested. So, it remains kind of a
big question mark. Koshi, which is Poly
Market's biggest competitor, has taken
the position that insider trading is bad
and that there are protections in place
on the platform to prevent it and to
report it. But there are other people in
the kind of prediction market sphere who
actually think insider trading is a good
thing. And that goes back to that kind
of high-minded goal behind some of these
products that they could become a source
of truth in the world.
>> Wait, tell me how cheating is part of
the high-mindedness.
>> Sure. If what you want to do is produce
the best possible projection about what
will happen to Nicholas Maduro, then if
someone who has insider information
about that is placing bets and moving
the market, you end up with a much
better projection.
>> But isn't there a case, David, for these
companies that operate these markets to
be worried about the business
implications of cheating? Like wouldn't
a Shane Copelan for example be concerned
that people wouldn't want to participate
in poly market if they know that they
may be taking a sucker's bet on some of
these big events where the person on the
other side actually has good information
and they're just making a guess. Yeah,
absolutely. And these companies have
taken a big reputational hit from some
of these incidents over the past few
months. But look, I've covered these
sorts of strange financial instruments
for a long time, and it's pretty amazing
what people will throw their money into.
You know, I've seen people buy useless
meme coins that are clearly part of a
pump and dump scheme, but they do it
anyway. People aren't always rational
with their money. You know, you're
always convinced that you're the one
person who has the inside scoop and can
figure out how to make money from
something that everybody else is losing
money on,
>> right? You're not the sucker.
>> Exactly.
>> David, you made it clear that these
platforms have persuaded regulators that
what they're doing is not facilitating
gambling. They obviously call themselves
prediction markets, not betting apps.
But the reality is the way they work as
you've described it is much more like
gambling than the stock market. Right?
These are quick fix kind of bets. Look,
as I've started reporting on these
platforms, I've also started using them
with a small amount of the New York
Times's money.
>> Oh, wow. How much?
>> Uh, $20.
>> Oh, wow. Generous.
>> And any profits would would go to to
charity, so it was a real philanthropic
opportunity for me.
>> How'd you do?
>> Um, I've already blown it. I'm down to
$10.
>> Okay. You're no French whale.
>> Exactly. But one thing I I I learned
from playing around with these platforms
a little bit is that it does feel like
gambling. You know, these platforms are
designed to kind of suck you in. You
know, they've got bright colors and you
know, you see numbers going up and down
and and it's exciting. And when you're
just playing around with a few dollars
of your company's money, that's totally
fine. But when you're potentially
vulnerable to addiction and you're
spending money that you need for other
things on these platforms, there's a
real risk. And one thing we know about
this type of bedding is that it's
especially popular among young people,
especially young men. It's kind of their
vice of choice these days. And so
whatever the long-term consequences of
this are, it's probably going to be felt
by that demographic, young people,
>> right? If you have a gambling addiction,
like you said, there's all these reasons
why you're compelled to keep betting.
And if you're just someone who finds
them fun, you're looking for
entertainment. You're looking for this
kind of world that's been created by
these markets, which as you've described
it to me, kind of turns reality into
something like a video game.
>> Yeah. And the consequences of that are
starting to become clear. It it's
changing the stakes of reality for
people, changing the way they relate to
things that are happening in the world,
even things that are really important
and have human consequences. I mean, we
have seen prediction markets betting on
the LA wildfires on how quickly they
would be contained.
>> There was betting on the war in Gaza,
whether that situation would be
classified as a famine.
>> And all those things are, you know,
devastating for the real people in those
situations. But now you have a class of
internet speculator who's engaging with
them as potentially profitmaking
opportunities. Yeah. I have to say it's
pretty dark to imagine people putting
money behind the notion, for example,
that Gaza would be declared a famine or
that the fires in LA wouldn't be put out
and then potentially having a rooting
interest in that outcome. Like just to
put a fine point on it, it means
presumably you have people hoping that
these terrible things will happen
because they'll make money on it.
>> A lot of people have that reaction and
it's totally a real concern. I'll just
turn it around and try to kind of
capture what the companies would say to
this. Specifically on that example of
the LA wildfire,
>> people have a real interest in knowing
when the fires would be contained.
they're making decisions that affect
their lives based on that. And so if you
have a crowdsourced
verdict on that question, that could
potentially be really helpful. So on
some of these markets, you can still
make, you know, a version of that
high-minded argument that Copelan came
into this industry with, but on some of
the others, it's definitely a lot
tougher to justify. And I guess then
even if you buy the premise that there's
utility in these bets, [gasps]
I think it's worth asking what the cost
of that is. Like what it does to us as a
society to suddenly be relating to the
real world and sometimes to real world
suffering in this kind of gamified way.
[snorts]
>> Yeah. And it has a sort of distancing
effect. Suddenly these things become
kind of abstract the same way the price
of a stock is sort of abstract to people
and what the long-term consequences of
that will be it's hard to say but it's
clear that this is a future that these
companies want. One of the co-founders
of Khi says that he wants to
financialize everything to turn every
difference in opinion into a tradable
asset. It's the idea that any event in
the real world could be communicated in
financial terms as odds of this
happening, odds of that happening, even
if it's something as simple as the
weather. And to their founders, that's
really exciting. But to a lot of other
people, a world in which everything is
reduced to dollars and cents is sort of
depressing.
>> To a lot of people, it sounds like
dystopia.
>> [music]
>> What's clear is that we're at the
beginning of this. The legal landscape
is still taking shape. There are some
challenges to prediction markets
happening in the states right now.
Still, as someone who's covered this
sort of fringe financial stuff for a
long time, I can feel momentum behind
these markets. [music] There's a real
appetite for them culturally, and I
don't see that changing. People want to
bet on everything. [music]
Well, [music] David, thanks for coming
on the show.
>> Thanks so much for having me. [music]
We'll be right back.
Here's what else you need to know today.
[music] President Trump signed a bill
that ended the partial government
shutdown on Tuesday, hours after it
passed the House. The legislation funds
much of the government for the rest of
the year except for the Department of
Homeland Security, [music] which was
only funded until the end of next week.
Democrats are insisting on new
restrictions for federal immigration
agents before extending that [music]
funding. And Trump now has 10 days to
strike a deal with them before it
expires.
And House Republicans cancelled a vote
to hold Bill and Hillary [music] Clinton
in criminal contempt of Congress.
The move came after the Clintons agreed
to [music] testify on camera in the
Jeffrey Epstein investigation and
requested to be deposed at public
hearings.
The agreement marked an end to a monthsl
long standoff [music]
between Republicans and the Clintons who
had resisted testifying [music] and
accused the GOP of carrying out a
political vendetta against them.
>> I think it's a shame to be honest. I
always liked him. When asked about the
developments, [music] Trump expressed
empathy for the Clintons.
>> I hate to see it in many ways. I hate to
see it, but
>> they will appear on February 26th
[music] and 27th for depositions.
Today's episode [music] was produced by
Ricky Nevetski, Nina Feldman, Claire
Tennis Getter, and Michelle Banja. It
was edited by Chris Hel and Devon
Taylor. contains music by Rowan Nemoto
and Alicia Eup and was engineered by
[music] Chris Wood.
That's it for the daily. I'm Natalie
Ketro. See you tomorrow.